Updated Contribution Guidelines to make instructions more beginner-friendly and specify usage of SSH instead of HTTPS (#13)
elyra-ai/community: contributing.md

          * `git clone git@github.com:elyra-ai/<desired-elyra-repository>.git`
          * Set `upstream` as described in the [GitHub documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/working-with-forks/configuring-a-remote-for-a-fork), preferring the SSH method over HTTPS
     * Creating a new branch:
          * `git checkout -b <branch-name>`
     * Committing and pushing a file:
          * Make changes to the necessary files, then save them with [`git add`](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-add)
          * Describe the changes you made using [`git commit`](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-commit)
               * Follow the [7 rules for a great commit message](http://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/)
                    * Separate subject from body with a blank line
                    * Limit the subject line to 50 characters
                    * Capitalize the subject line
                    * Do not end the subject line with a period
                    * Use the imperative mood in the subject line
                    * Wrap the body at 72 characters
                    * Use the body to explain what and why vs. how 

>           * Implement your changes with [`git push`](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-push)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          * Submit your changes with [`git push`](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-push)
```

1. Fork the Github repository at https://github.com/elyra-ai/xxx if you haven't already.
1. Clone your fork, create a new branch, push commits to the branch.
     * Below is a vague outline of the commands to be followed when doing these steps:
          * Cloning your fork:
               * `git clone git@github.com:elyra-ai/<desired-elyra-repository>.git`
               * Set `upstream` as described in the [GitHub documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/working-with-forks/configuring-a-remote-for-a-fork), but using SSH instead of HTTPS
          * Creating a new branch:
               * `git checkout -b <branch-name>`
          * Committing and pushing a file:
               * `git add <file-name>`
               * `git commit`
                    * Opens a text file that is a summary of the current commit operation
                    * Add a commit message that describes the changes you made
                    * Ctrl + X and enter to save
               * `git push`

>                     * Pushes the commit from your local repo to the remote repo

Reviewer 2: I think this section could probably be made a bit less specific since there are several different options for the `git` `add`, `commit`, and `push` commands. 

For each of these three commands, why don't we remove all the sub-bullets and just have a single sentence about the 'purpose' of the command that also includes a link to its man page. For example, maybe instead of the bullet point that says "`git add <file-name>`" you could say 

```
* Make changes to the necessary files, then save them with [`git add`](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-add)
```

One final note, and this is nothing that you introduced, is that I think we should move that entire step 8 block below ("Follow The 7 rules for a great commit message") to right under the `commit` bullet point. It probably makes more sense for new users to check out that article as they're following along with these steps.

## Creating a Pull Request

1. Set up SSH if you haven't already, or generate a new SSH key if necessary as described in the [Github Documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/connecting-to-github-with-ssh)

> 1. Fork the Github repository at https://github.com/elyra-ai/&ltdesired-elyra-repository&gt if you haven't already.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Fork the Github repository at https://github.com/elyra-ai/<desired-elyra-repository> if you haven't already.
```

1. Clone your fork, create a new branch, and push commits to the branch as summarized below:
     * Cloning your fork:
          * `git clone git@github.com:elyra-ai/<desired-elyra-repository>.git`
          * Set `upstream` as described in the [GitHub documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/working-with-forks/configuring-a-remote-for-a-fork), preferring the SSH method over HTTPS
     * Creating a new branch:
          * `git checkout -b <branch-name>`
     * Committing and pushing a file:
          * Make changes to the necessary files, then save them with [`git add`](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-add)
          * Describe the changes you made using [`git commit`](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-commit]

>                * Follow [the 7 rules for a great commit message](http://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/)                                                                             * Separate subject from body with a blank line                                   * Limit the subject line to 50 characters                                        * Capitalize the subject line                                                    * Do not end the subject line with a period                                      * Use the imperative mood in the subject line                                    * Wrap the body at 72 characters                                                 * Use the body to explain what and why vs. how 

Reviewer: Please fix the indentation
